feat: Mention that the cookie-sync extension works for previews (#12858)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/development-infrastructure/frontend-development-server.mdx

In any case, you can now login to your development server with your Sentry.io credentials. The SSO-login flow will *NOT* work. Only email/password is supported on the login form in development.

> While the SSO-login flow will not work, cookies from an existing logged-in sessions will work correctly. You may use our [Cookie Sync](https://github.com/getsentry/cookie-sync) browser extension to sync session cookies from `*.sentry.io` domain and into `*.dev.getsentry.net` and `*.sentry.dev` (the Vercel preview environment).

Author: ```suggestion
While the SSO-login flow will not work, cookies from an existing logged-in sessions will work correctly. You may use our [Cookie Sync](https://github.com/getsentry/cookie-sync) browser extension to sync session cookies from `*.sentry.io` into `*.dev.getsentry.net` and `*.sentry.dev`. The latter being the Github Preview environment hosted on Vercel.
```

> While the SSO-login flow will not work, cookies from an existing logged-in sessions will work correctly. You may use our [Cookie Sync](https://github.com/getsentry/cookie-sync) browser extension to sync session cookies from `*.sentry.io` into `*.dev.getsentry.net` and `*.sentry.dev`. The latter being the Github Preview environment hosted on Vercel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the SSO-login flow will not work, cookies from an existing logged-in sessions will work correctly. You may use our [Cookie Sync](https://github.com/getsentry/cookie-sync) browser extension to sync session cookies from `*.sentry.io` into `*.dev.getsentry.net`, and `*.sentry.dev` -- the latter being the Github Preview environment hosted on Vercel.
```
